hello all friends with you I bob is
secrets and easter eggs from the game gta 5 and
let's start today's release from pretty
still known easter egg they know
almost all especially those who are
interesting and I immediately apologize for the fact that
I did not show you this flying saucer
before that I just didn't have it before
funds for the record I did not know where to find
battiscopa it turns out he becomes
available only after certain
the number of completed tasks in general
here he is, I don't know about you
explain the coordinates here are certain
no, in general , somehow you remember see something
end the light gray road well
away on cards with i over gray and like this
Now, if you just hold it
somewhere here i don't know i remember
just don't know how to explain to you
In general, I considered something that did not show
to you this easter egg for me it will be
very stupid because Easter eggs are real
very cool here is such a plate very
the only pity is that nothing can be with her
make and there are no interactions
although who knows maybe
and if somewhere in a clip something shot
what is it to push something to be with her
something happens i don't know honestly i don't know
but so far no one has found this.
I don't know. I tried to swim into it.
I didn’t succeed even at home
what could have been there
then others have already done it for me
players in general, that's such a cool
Easter eggs and I am glad that I am finally
and and showed yes and making Easter eggs
is also in the ocean I don't know how
show you again exactly where she is
is here no some
certain coordinates
want lingering places but for now
when I sail I will try to somehow
better not show you at all
be sure to take the bathyscaphe here
quite enough of your own spirit and
do not need any other facilities
the depth is small so i think you with
you can easily find and swim here in
Generally when I swim again to you
will come back as we will now try you
show where it 's still located on
card here I would advise you to remember
and it is like that on the road and like that
here in the ocean in general here it is this
Easter eggs
sea ​​monster everyone says what is it
most likely an alien though I am not
I know maybe it's some kind of dinosaur
underwater maybe this turtle is bigger
all for some reason reminds me of a turtle
although I do not know how the skeleton is arranged
turtles
maybe not at all, but those who are strong in
biology or some other sciences
learning animals maybe all
and get here by the way his tail
as you see the ribs and the skull also have
fins
but I think the tortoise is still a bit
don't know right now wait we still
once done and swim back here
look at the skull closer
so well, here's the last swim I just
not enough breath to here
be more show you but here
look here it is a skull
I do not know very healthy and that this is me too
I don't know, in principle, they just say what
this
alien and sea monster more than and
the last easter egg for today is
on the beach this is a lafesta t-shirt
this group because of gta wai city i think
All who played in GTA Vasiti necessarily
will remember this group in general is
she's on the beach like i said the store
where the masks are sold and here is a little left
cost 50 and don't know the t-shirts here
little and this t-shirt is just for
anxor
so here are three football as we see and year
she is 38 dollars worth michael fest
pretty cool t-shirts i imagine
buy and probably look like her in general
all thanks to everyone for watching with you
I was Dima if you want to see more
Easter eggs, be sure to put your finger
up subscribe to the channel and
leave comments in general to all
thanks for watching and all for now
the pros
we
hollow
at
at all
this
I myself
one